Clarify to look for better alternatives (#10)
canonical/ubuntu-mir: README.md

TODO:   because TBD, thereby we want to replace it.
TODO: - The package TBDSRC is a new runtime dependency of package TBD that
TODO:   we already support
RULE: Sometimes there are other/better ways, often are achieved by using a
RULE: library with similar functionality that is more commonly used and
RULE: thereby already in main or a better candidate to promote.
RULE: Reducing the set of supported software in Ubuntu helps to focus on the
RULE: right things, otherwise Ubuntu developers will be consumed by updating
RULE: many variations of the same - wasting valuable time that could be better
RULE: spent elsewhere.
RULE: If there are other packages in the archive that are close, but unable to
RULE: address the problem you might spend some time explaining what exists and
RULE: why it isn't a sufficient alternative.

> TODO: - There is not other/better way to solve this that is alredy in main or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TODO: - There is no other/better way to solve this that is already in main or
```
